Freedom is something that you need to actively acquire. It's not something that's given with no strings attached. To be free means to take responsibility, and to prepare yourself for what's to come. -Charles Beams
A lesson without pain is meaningless. For you cannot gain something without sacrificing something else in return. But once you have recovered it and made it your own... You will gain an irreplaceable Fullmetal heart. -Edward Elric
Whatever you lose, you'll find it again. But what you throw away you'll never get back. -Kenshin Himura
You use other people’s power as an excuse for your own weakness. There’s almost nothing more pathetic than that. –Kuroko Shirai
You shouldn’t give up so easily, got it? –Mikoto Misaka
You must always follow your convictions and act in the way you feel is right at all times. –Kuroko Shirai
You can never win if you’re afraid to lose so much that you refuse to put up a fight. –Rika Furude
You can change fate as long as you believe you can. –Rika Furude
You’re not defective. There’s nothing wrong with you, so don’t give up. –Mikoto Misaka
Wishing won’t do any good. This is going to take work. –Kuroko Shirai
Why do I have to be so embarrassed about the stuff I like? –Mikoto Misaka
Try to get to know something before you start throwing around assumptions. –Kodaka Hasegawa
Truth be told, you could threaten me all day long and I still wouldn’t care. –Shion Sonozaki
Time’s gonna pass, right? And we’re bound to change some. But do you think some feelings may stay the same no matter what? –Mikoto Misaka
They can make fun of me, but I like my hair because it always reminds me of her. –Kodaka Hasegawa
There’s only one world for us, and things in it are set up so that we can find happiness in it. –Rena Ryuugu
Someone places a hurdle in front of me, and I can’t rest until I’ve jumped over it. –Mikoto Misaka
People always jump to conclusions about stuff they know nothing about. –Kodaka Hasegawa
No one can say they grew up in a sterile room, never failing or making mistakes. Life is an ongoing process of trial and error. –Mion Sonozaki
Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you’ve used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that’s when you’ve really lived. Live with all your might, and struggle as long as you have life. –Mion Sonozaki
It sucks to be judged just by how you look. It sucks hardcore. –Kodaka Hasegawa
It looks like I’m going to be hazardous to your health today. –Kuroko Shirai
Is there really such a thing? Real friends who last forever? –Kodaka Hasegawa
If you just submit yourself to fate, then that’s the end of it. –Keiichi Maebara
If you can just nurture the strength to stick to your convictions, the results you seek are sure to follow in time. –Kuroko Shirai
I think if your feelings for somebody are strong enough then they don’t change. Even If you do. –Kuroko Shirai
I just don’t have any patience for people who would rather hurt others instead of facing their own reality. –Mikoto Misaka
I guess there are some hurdles you can’t cross. –Mikoto Misaka
I acted impulsively and dragged everybody down with me. But it’s not over yet! –Kuroko Shirai
Having a nickname does make you feel special. –Kodaka Hasegawa
For whatever reason people think if you don’t have any friends there’s something wrong with you. –Kodaka Hasegawa
Everyone has to look out for themselves. That’s the way it works. –Mikoto Misaka
Even if you lovingly collect every last piece of a shattered cup, pieces are still pieces. Once something breaks, it can never return. –Rena Ryuugu
A flower raised in a greenhouse is still beautiful, even though it knows no adversity. But a flower growing in the field that has braved wind, rain, cold, and heat possesses something more than just beauty. –Rena Ryuugu
You have to learn to rely on other people around you or you could get yourself into trouble. –Konori Mii
Why do I have to be so embarrassed about the stuff I like? –Mikoto Misaka
When you convince yourself you can’t do anymore, you’re finished. Even though you may still have some strength left that you’re just unaware of. –Yomikawa Aiho
Someone places a hurdle in front of me, and I can’t rest until I’ve jumped over it. –Mikoto Misaka
No amount of power could make you anymore incredible than you already are. –Uiharu Kazari
If you can just nurture the strength to stick to your convictions, the results you seek are sure to follow in time. –Kuroko Shirai
I was so tired of not having any power. And finally it didn’t matter anymore what lengths I had to go to to get it. –Ruiko Saten
I think if your feelings for somebody are strong enough then they don’t change. Even If you do. –Kuroko Shirai
I make sure to enjoy everyday as much as I can. As long as I do that it’s okay! –Ruiko Saten
I just don’t have any patience for people who would rather hurt others instead of facing their own reality. –Mikoto Misaka
I decided that giving up on everything doesn’t help. Yep. From now on I’m gonna keep on trying! –Ruiko Saten
Fights don’t tend to last that long when you’re young. –Konori Mii
Don’t charge someone, not unless you can be certain of what they have up their sleeve. –Konori Mii
A teacher doesn’t give up on her students just because things get tough. –Harumi Kiyama
You know what I think? You take what you’ve got and figure out how to get something out of it. –Kyoko Sakura
Remember this and take it to heart: Kindness sometimes leads to even greater tragedy. –Homura Akemi
It’s not fair to be unhappy. Especially if you’re not doing anything wrong. –Madoka Kaname
If you live for yourself you’ve only got yourself to blame. So I can’t really blame anyone else and I don’t have any regrets. –Kyoko Sakura
If you have the chance to think really hard about what you want, you should take as much time as you need. –Mami Tomoe
If you find yourself at a dead end and there’s no other options left, doing something the wrong way might do the most good. –Junko Kaname
If you’re not sure why you’re doing it, you’ll most definitely regret it later. –Mami Tomoe
If anyone ever tells me it’s a mistake to have hope, well then, i’ll just tell them they’re wrong. And I’ll keep telling them till they believe. No matter how many times it takes.! – Madoka Kaname
I didn’t want this power so I could fight witches. I wanted it so I’d have the strength to do what’s right and protect the ones I love. –Sayaka Miki
I’ve decided that from now on, I’m never gonna regret anything. Ever again! –Sayaka Miki
I’ll keep wishing for a world where you can be happy. –Homura Akemi
Ask yourself this: Whats better, doing nothing or doing something. –Junko Kaname
You shouldn’t take it out on others when things don’t go your way. –Iori Nagase
Life isn’t about doing everything right. It’s about doing what you wanna do, being who you wanna be. –Iori Nagase
It’s your own life, so live it the way you want. It’s that simple. –Iori Nagase
I wouldn’t be who I am now if it wasn’t for everything in the past. So I don’t need to start over. –Iori Nagase
I was always trying to be what someone else wanted, and that was wrong. –Iori Nagase
I don’t have to be perfect. I don’t have to meet everybody’s expectations. There are people who accept me as I am. –Iori Nagase
I don’t care what normal people do anymore. I’m gonna live my life the way I want to. –Iori Nagase
I am who I am now because of everything that’s happened. If I try to deny my past, I’m denying the person I’ve become. –Iori Nagase
Enough is enough. I’m going to follow my heart. –Iori Nagase
Only those who comprehend the implications of war can be capable of bearing arms. –Akame
No matter how many good deeds you perform, your past sins cannot be erased. –Sheele
Night raid, you are always home to me. –Sheele
If you can’t find a reason to fight, then you shouldn’t be fighting. –Akame
If you begin with overconfidence and arrogance, you’ll die. –Akame
I had a friend who was very kind to me. No matter what happened or how badly I messed up, she never once made fun of me. The time I spent with her was the only ray of happiness in my entire life. –Sheele
I’ve never been able to do anything right. I couldn’t take pride in a single thing I did. People would always make mean comments about me, like maybe I was crazy or something. –Sheele
I’m glad I could be useful in the end. –Sheele
As the living it is our responsibility to carry out the wishes of the ones who are gone. –Akame
You’re young, it’s unfair. But now you are warriors, and it’s your job to safeguard the peace and safety of Earth. -Cpt. Darzana Magbaredge
Whether he’s our friend or not, our enemy’s enemy can be very useful. -Inaho Kaizuka
When everyone knows an enemy could come at any time, human beings aren’t known for remaining very calm. -Inaho Kaizuka
What will we say to them, when they all start dying because of our lies? -Lt. Kouichirou Marito
What her highness wished for was for there to be peace with Earth, but you… You only want to use her murder to exploit her death and crush her dreams. -Slaine Troyard
Warfare is just a form of negotiation, it is not dependent on hate. -Inaho Kaizuka
This war is my vengeance. This war is my appointed task. -Count Saazbaum
She is royalty and her very lineage is the crime of which she is guilty. -Count Saazbaum
Regardless of scientific advances, there are some primitive techniques we retain because there are occasions when they can be quite effective. -Count Cruhteo
Like hell anyone’s safe. We’re all on the battlefield now. -Lt. Kouichirou Marito
It is a lord’s duty to wage war to continually expand his domain for the benefit of his vassals. -Count Saazbaum
It’s sad isn’t it? People can’t coexist with the natural world. -Princess Asseylum Vers Allusia
I will never trust them. Every last Martian is the enemy to me. -Rayet Areash
I thought I was going to bring peace. I thought that I could bring it about myself, but really I was just acting like a spoiled child with a new toy. -Princess Asseylum Vers Allusia
I don’t think that we’re enemies at the present time, but whether we’re allies-well, that’s up to you. -Inaho Kaizuka
I’m not scared, I’m not scared, I’m not scared! -Eddelrittuo
Huh? I’m not dead? -Inko Amifumi
How can these people not hate you for what you’ve done to us!? -Rayet Areash
Die with valor or die with cowardice. You think you’re making some noble choice here? -Trillram
Whoever gets the best marks on this assessment test will have the perfect combination of brawn, brutality, and brains! -Oga Tatsumi
Whether he comes back to me, or sticks to you… That’s… something he’ll decide for himself. -Oga Tatsumi
When you want to cry, laugh it off! That’s what being a man is, got it? -Oga Tatsumi
Watching your friends get done in without doing something? That’s not being a man at all! -Oga Tatsumi
To be the parent of the Demon requires being strong, brutal, and having brains! -Oga Tatsumi
The tougher it gets, the less a man should cry. Do you know why? Because tears wash away the pain and suffering. But those emotions become weapons when you truly need them. -Oga Tatsumi
Men are all about guts! -Oga Tatsumi
Listen, Baby Beel… You can’t break a man’s promise! -Oga Tatsumi
Listen up, Baby Beel. When a man makes up his mind, he never ever changes it! You understand? -Oga Tatsumi
Let’s do this ‘studyin’ for a test thing. -Oga Tatsumi
It’s just not manly! If you got somethin’ you wanna say, then say it loud and clear! -Oga Tatsumi
I won’t punch people! I won’t make them grovel before me! Thus, I will be what people call a super nice guy! -Oga Tatsumi
I will be his horse and let Beel-chan feel what it’s like to be a king! Now, Beel-chan, on to my back!”  -Oga's father
I ain’t lettin’ you set even one foot past here. -Oga Tatsumi
I’m the only one who can deal with this guy. -Oga Tatsumi
Baby Beel, real men don’t cry ‘cause of a little pain! Show it! The pride of the Demon King’s heir. -Oga Tatsumi
A man must follow through on something once he decides it. -Oga Tatsumi
A man can’t go crying so easily. Plus, you're a Demon Lord! -Oga Tatsumi
You did the best you could. The both of you did the best you could. -Decim
We are neither beasts nor slaves! We are human! -Squealer
I had more than enough time to notice, so why? Why didn't I use my deadly, destructive strength to help someone? -Koro-sensei
I don't want to forget today. I want to remember the time I spent with you today  -even the little things. But even more than that, I don't want to stop being friends with you! If that day comes then I won't be happy even if I'm able to remember you. -Kaori Fujimiya
I don't just want to die: I want to die happy -Hampnie Hambart
I don't have any goals for the future. So long as I can get out of my home and far away, I don't care. -Yuugo Hachiken
I do not need a Heaven. However, if I must go to Heaven then please, God, do not divide Heaven in two. Please do not divide the robots from the humans. -Yumemi Hoshino
I always, always wondered: I was born to die, so what was my reason for existing in this world? -Yuuki Konno
no matter what, don't ever touch me -Hotaru Takegawa
Having happy and beautiful memories won't always bring you salvation. The more beautiful a memory is, the more painful it can become. -Isla
Loving a person isn’t about logic or reason.(Paradise Kiss)
Is there a limit to how much you can love somebody? No matter how much I hurt him or get hurt by him, I find myself far from hating him, actually hoping that those wounds will scar, like burns…because then you can never forget me. -Kamijou Hiroki (Junjou Romantica)
Everyone goes around trying to find their soulmate, but no matter how hard they look, they can never find it. So instead, they force two bodies together. Everyone wants to use that short time they have together to open their hearts, even if it’s just a one night dream bought with money -Lawrence Hill (Boy’s Next Door)
There is only one person who you can each truly love. It’s too bad that you can’t change who that person is. If you could, the you both would be a lot happier. -Arisugawa Juri (Revolutionary Girl Utena)
I was younger then, I wasn’t afraid of anything, I didn’t think about dying for a second. I thought I was invincible. Then I met some girl. I wanted to live, I started to think like that; for the first time I was afraid of death. I had never felt like that before. -Spike Spiegel (Cowboy Bebop)
Someday my memories will fade…and her voice, her actions, I might forget them as well, but I will always remember that I loved Saber. -Emiya Shirou (Fate/stay Night)
I want to break up while i can still say i love you. -Shindou Chihiro (Ef: A Tale of Memories)
Not many people know when love really starts… More than a friend, but not quite lovers.A delicate relationship like this changes gradually once it is noticed, and keeps on blossoming, Just like the changing seasons. (Boys Be…)
You were always there for me, and that’s all I needed. Just you. For some reason, I didn’t feel sad or broken up, it just didn’t seem real. But slowly I realized it was real – that you were gone. And little by little, I slowly felt something inside me go numb. -Jet Black (Cowboy Bebop)
Your own feelings are the most important when it comes to enjoying the interesting things in life. If you just follow what someone else says to do, or just do what you’re told, you won’t even be able to enjoy the things you like. –Junichirou Kagami
You can’t win a game by doing nothing. And if someone else wins for you then you haven’t accomplished anything. Life is the same way. –Junichirou Kagami
Unlike in manga and anime, in real life, no heroes can save you when you’re down. –Minako Kanou
The school takes no responsibility of your future. You are fully responsible for your own future. That is why you have to find what you want to do. You are all free! –Junichirou Kagami
The real fun is in constantly pushing beyond your limits. So if you’re thinking of everything as a game, you won’t be able to fully experience it. –Junichirou Kagami
No matter where you are, you have to have the energy to keep on doing the things that you like until the final moment. –Junichirou Kagami
Live by your own rules. And have reality accept your own rules. If you are able to do that, the future is all yours. –Junichirou Kagami
Isn’t chasing our dream our job right now? –Minako Kanou
Getting kicked out of school won’t kill me, but losing my way of life most certainly will. –Kiriko Shikishima
Games aren’t meant for competition. They’re things to master. –Junichirou Kagami
Don’t think that by abiding the rules you’ll automatically be useful to society. Rules are not there for us, they are there for the “person who made it” and the “reality” and “future”, which are bound by these lies. They are preventing you from reaching your full potential. Which is why, if there is a future that you want, fight for it! –Junichirou Kagami
Don’t act because something is interesting, but act because you want to find something more interesting. –Junichirou Kagami
And like games, no matter how well you have things lined up in your life, there’s always something to keep you on your toes. –Junichirou Kagami
The world requires choice and resolution. Embrace it and face it. –Meteora Österreich
Sota, create the things only you can create. Instead of crying about the past, it’s better to create. It’s more constructive, right? –Rui Kanoya
In my world, believing in things is what gave me power. But this place might be different. Believing in something might be stupid. But some things can be solved by believing. Doing that isn’t stupid in this world either. I want to believe this. –Mamika Kirameki
I understand that this is a compicated world. I know that this isn’t a world where everything you wish will come true. But characters like me from stories, our purposes have already been decided and we can’t escape them. Unlike us, you guys can decide where you go by yourself. It might not be easy but you can choose it and create it for yourself. You can write your own story just for yourself. –Rui Kanoya
When you someday find a way of life that you can truly be proud of, you’ll be forced into your own battle whether you like it or not. –Rider
Whatever you do, enjoy it to the fullest. That is the secret of life. –Rider
Using a simple method to accomplish something impressive, far outshines using a complex method to achieve the same thing. –Rider
To win, but not destroy; to conquer, but not humiliate: That is what true conquest is! –Rider
The inferiority you feel is actually the quality of a king. You may grumble a lot, but you know how small you are. And yet you still struggle to reach heights greater than you can imagine. –Rider
Only a man brave enough to ride into battle at my side could ever be my Master. A coward lacking the courage to even show himself is nowhere close to being worthy! –Rider
I suppose having your name recorded in the history books is a form of immortality. But if that just means your name gets passed down for two thousand years and nothing else, I’d have preferred to have even a hundredth of that added to my actual life. –Rider
I shall grieve, and I shall weep. But I shall never regret. –Rider
Glory lies beyond the horizon. Challenge it because it is unreachable. Speak of conquest and demonstrate it. –Rider
Fail to strike the enemy once you know their location, and it’ll be too late to even regret having missed the chance. –Rider
A king must live a life more vivid than any other and be figure for all to admire! The king is the one who collects the envy of all his heroes and stands as their guide! –Rider
You break the law and I’ll punish you, there is no room for discussion. –Gilgamesh
What you speak of at greatest length is what interests you the most. –Gilgamesh
There are two kinds of arrogance. One where you are unequal to the task and one where your dreams are too big. The former is commonplace stupidity… but the latter is a rare species that is difficult to find. –Gilgamesh
Surely there must be limits to which one may sink. –Gilgamesh
Isn’t the foolishness of the few a more precious commodity than the wisdom of the masses?  –Gilgamesh
Do exactly as you like. That is the true meaning of pleasure. Pleasure leads to joy and joy leads to happiness.  –Gilgamesh
Defying me till the very end, huh? Some things are beautiful exactly because they are unobtainable. –Gilgamesh
A soul naturally seeks pleasure, consciously or not. –Gilgamesh
Hero of Justice? A world where no one is hurt?” Don’t be absurd. 'Humanity' is the name for an animal that cannot find joy in life without sacrifice.  –Gilgamesh
There are no regrets. If one can be proud of one’s life, one should not wish for another chance. –Saber
The weight of my sword is the weight of my pride. –Saber
Once… I had a dream. –Saber
Of what worth is a king who fails to protect the powerless? –Saber
If you do evil out of a hatred for evil, that rage and hate will merely birth new conflict. –Saber
Extravagance is the enemy. –Saber
A man without fear cannot be wise. –Saber
Those who aim further for other’s sake. Those who think of others before themselves. …And those who hate themselves more than anyone. These are the qualities of a Magus. This is a contradiction you can only have if you are born broken. –Rin Tohsaka
There is nothing at the end of helping people. It is a false life that can save neither yourself nor others. –Archer
There are always fewer seats called happiness” than there are people to fill them. –Archer
The world is just another word for the things you value around you, right? That’s something I’ve had since I was born. If you tell me to rule such a world, I already rule it. –Rin Tohsaka
The wish of wanting everyone to be happy is merely a fairy tale! –Archer
It is at the moment of death that humanity has value. –Archer
I killed many people to act on my ideal. I killed so many that I stopped caring about innocent people and I saved a thousand times as many as I killed. –Archer
Fighting for others, but not yourself, is nothing but hypocrisy. –Archer
Do not think about other things, there is only one thing you can do. So master that one thing. Do not forget. What you must imagine is always that you, yourself, are the strongest. You do not need outside enemies. For you, the one you have to fight is none other than your own image. –Archer
Brilliant people shine more brightly than ordinary ones. They never regret or agonize over what they’ve done. –Archer
And now I have my answer. Don’t worry, Tohsaka. I’ll try my best from now on, too. –Archer
An ideal is only an ideal after all. As long as you embrace that ideal, the friction with reality will continue to increase. So you will someday face reality and will have to pay the price for your compromises. –Archer
If you don’t like pain, stand still. I’ll finish you off nice and quickly! –Rin Tohsaka
If you’ve got no way to fight, you’re just getting in the way! If you’re killed without accomplishing anything then you’ll have died for nothing! –Rin Tohsaka
When you save one life, you’re generally not able to save another. –Kiritsugu Emiya
Unfortunately… being a hero is a limited-time thing. When you grow up, it becomes harder to call yourself one. I wish it hadn’t taken me so long to realize that. –Kiritsugu Emiya
They call certain methods of fighting good and others evil, acting as if there were some nobility to the battlefield. Such illusions, perpetrated by heroes throughout history, have led countless young men to their bloody deaths, all for the sake of this valor and glory. –Kiritsugu Emiya
The result is the most important thing. –Kiritsugu Emiya
Magic should never be used for your own benefit. It should only be used to help others. –Kiritsugu Emiya
Justice cannot save the world. It is useless. –Kiritsugu Emiya
I was reckless when I was young. I educated myself by cursing the heartlessness of the world. The world was cruel – so I made myself more heartless and used that as a weapon, trying to follow through on my ideals. –Kiritsugu Emiya
Even If I am to carry all the evils of this world, it won’t matter. If that can save the world, then I’d gladly accept it. –Kiritsugu Emiya
When something terrible happens, it’s true you can only save a handful of people, no matter how hard you try. But that doesn’t make it okay! –Shirou Emiya
It makes me mad when people try so hard to become victims. Is it greedy of me to wish for an outcome where everyone gets saved and is happy – and can share a laugh about it in the end? –Shirou Emiya
If you walk down the path that you believe is right, you cannot be wrong. –Shirou Emiya
If it ends up helping someone else out, who cares! –Shirou Emiya
Helping other people is our responsibility. And no matter what I’m gonna live by that. –Shirou Emiya
Even if my life is full of hypocrisy, I’ll keep on striving to be a hero of justice. –Shirou Emiya
Even If I’m a fraud, I know my dream isn’t wrong. –Shirou Emiya
You can go anywhere you want in this world with a single blade. This may be a virtual world, but I feel more alive here than in the real world. -Kirito
Whether here or in the real world, you can cry when it hurts. There’s no rule that you can’t show feelings just because it’s a game. -Kirito
When I began thinking of him as I fell asleep, I stopped having nightmares. I began to look forward to seeing him. For the first time since I arrived here, I was happy. -Yuuki Asuna
There is one thing I’ve learned here. To keep doing your best, up until the very end. -Yuuki Asuna
The main reason I got stronger was so I’d be able to survive. -Kirito
Sometimes you have to fight to get your point across. -Yuuki Konno
Sometimes the things that matter the most are right in front of you. -Yuuki Asuna
Real pain is the result of losing someone you care about. -Kirito
No matter what my heart will be forever yours and I will fight until the day I see you again. -Kirito
Life isn’t just doing things for yourself. It’s possible to live in such a way that other people’s happiness, makes you happy too. -Yuuki Asuna
Levels are just numbers. In this world, strength is just an illusion. There are more important things. -Kirito
Just consider hardships as another part of training and keep working hard. -Klein
It is pointless to question who someone really is. All you can do is believe and accept. Because the way you perceive someone is their true identity. -Kirito
It’s okay to live, even if there’s no greater point to living. -Yuuki Konno
It’s impossible to work hard for something you don’t enjoy. -Silica
In every world, once you die, you’re gone. -Akihiko Kayaba
If we make it back to the real world, I’ll find you. And fall in love with you all over again. -Yuuki Asuna
I was just dreaming a little. About my old world. It’s strange. In the dream, I wondered if everything here, in Aincard, if everything that had happened with you, was only a dream. I was really scared. I’m happy this wasn’t a dream. -Yuuki Asuna
I too, was looking for something. Something real in this world. For me, it was the warmth of your hand. -Lisbeth
I thought that the closer the real and virtual world got, the better the future would be. But the more the boundary between them blurs, the more it starts to trick people. -Kirito
I don’t even know the real names of the two… no, three that I killed back then. I just closed my eyes, put my hands over my ears and tried to forget it all. -Kirito
I don’t even know the real names of the two… no, three that I killed back then. I just close my eyes, put my hands over my ears and tried to forget it all. -Kirito
I cried alone every single night. It felt like every day that passed here stole another piece of my real life away. After I cried, I’d go and fight as hard as I could. My only thought was winning, moving forward and getting stronger. -Yuuki Asuna
I always say exactly what I’m feeling, and if they don’t like me, that’s fine! It doesn’t change the fact that I was close to their hearts. -Yuuki Konno
I’d rather trust and regret, than doubt and regret. -Kirito
I’d rather die with someone than let that person die before my eyes. More so if she’s a girl like you. -Kirito
God would never put us through all this suffering if he didn’t think we could bear it. -Yuuki Konno
Everyone smiles, when they are with you. Please… from now on, go and help people in my place. Share your happiness with them. -Yui
Everybody can fight. It’s just a choice of whether you should. -Kirito
Even if I die, you keep living okay? Live to see the end of this world, and to see why it was born. Live to see why a weak girl like me ended up here. And the reason you and I met. -Sachi
All this time, I seriously thought that it’s better to die than to live your life alone. -Kirito
A person is very strong when he seeks to protect something. -Akihiko Kayaba
It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot. –Reiko Mikami
No matter how many relationships we seem to have, we’re all alone. –Mei Misaki
It doesn’t do you any good to pretend you can’t see what’s going on. –Yuuya Mochizuki
Not giving up on yourself is whats truly important. That way you don’t end up pathetic. –Reiko Mikami
Don’t mess with things that don’t exist. It’s dangerous! –Teshigawara Naoya
I hate those devices. Do we really need to be connected through them all the time? –Mei Misaki
Talent is a key factor, of course. So you’re likely to fail. But if that’s what you want to do, you might as well give it a try. –Reiko Mikami
Death isn’t kind. It’s dark and black and as far as you… As far as you can see you’re all alone. There’s no one else. –Mei Misaki
Ya know I always wanted to be a mage of justice. But it was just my luck that the world of magic is actually a filthy blood-stained place. -Glenn Radars
When I saw magic being used for evil and good, I realized I wanted to lead the human race down the right path. -Rumia Tingel
The trick is to find something you can care about and just live for that. -Glenn Radars
The one's who accomplish true greatness, are the foolish who keep pressing onward. The ones who accomplish nothing, are the wise who know when to quit. -Celica Arfonia
Society persecutes people with powers. -Celica Arfonia
No matter how hard you've agonized over your path, you'll always regret something about it later. -Glenn Radars
If I'm someone who runs away from trouble then what was the purpose of any of this? -Glenn Radars
You’re right. Giving it up as lost before saying anything is no good. -Kaoruko
Watanuki! Watanuki! Distraction is the worst enemy! -Maru and Moro
There is meaning to every event that happens in life. -Yuuko Ichihara
There are times such that even when they know better, people cannot accept things! -Watanuki Kimihiro
The only one that you can affect is the one with a heart. -Yuuko Ichihara
That’s why they say rumors only last 75 days. -Shizuka Doumeki
Something cannot come from nothing. -Yuuko Ichihara
People worry about those that talk to themselves. -Shizuka Doumeki
People lie for their own selfish reasons. -Yuuko Ichihara
One takes responsibility for one’s own choices. -Yuuko Ichihara
No matter how short the time, the ties that bind will not disappear. -Yuuko Ichihara
Maybe, if that’s what you believe, then that could be the case. -Yuuko Ichihara
If you receive something, something of equal value needs to be given back. -Yuuko Ichihara
If you don’t trouble the rest of the world, there’s no harm in being abnormal. -Yuuko Ichihara
Fate has brought you here. -Yuuko Ichihara
By telling me your name, you’re allowing your soul to be taken.  -Yuuko Ichihara
Always running for your life really makes you stronger. -Watanuki Kimihiro’s childhood friend
Everything is Hitsuzen. -Yuuko Ichihara
‘Itadakimasu’ conveys the life you are receiving. -Yuuko Ichihara
